---
title: What is the theological question? 
categories : thesis
---
The theological question is also the political question. The theological deals with the act of meaning-making, while the political addresses the power structure(s) that gives the shape and the negotiation of such meanings.

1.  What are the options to describe the context of conducting VE theological reflection? Why did you choose the option that you chose?  
2. Which concept is used to refer to reality in VE? How does the discussion, and the language, change between colonial and postcolonial periods? What can be a ‘reasonable’ working theological framework to discussion the VE engagement with reality/society today?
3. Why justice? What are the advantages and disadvantages of defining justice as love? Is there any other ways to define justice theologically, especially if one has to look into grassroots pentecostal practices and beliefs, and not to the theories of justice?  
4. What is the knowledge constructed about VE and the Vietnamese culture? What are the conditions that shape this particular knowledge construction? What specific knowledge that can be added to the discussion? What kind of theological meaning, or political meaning, can be retrieved from this development?
5. If 'development' is such an important concept in postcolonial Vietnam, what is the background, and the shape of VE understanding of 'development'? Does grassroots pentecostal VE have a perspective on 'development'? If yes, what can be said about it theologically?
6. What is the (theological/political) meaning of particular grassroots pentecostal belief and/or practice? Why these particular beliefs and practices and not others (such as testimony)? What link and connect these beliefs and practices together? (answer: the context).